# NGO, Wikimedia Foundation

## NGO Organization Description
Wikimedia Foundation

: Who hasn’t used Wikipedia at least once in their life? This and many other projects of informative nature make The Wikimedia Foundation a unique sort of international NGO. One that believes in information’s importance rather than the profits that can be generated by selling it.
(Reference: Transparent Hands https://www.transparenthands.org/top-20-international-ngos-in-the-world/)

## FIP Team Members
Project Manager:

Irene Mary Vinu : Motion Designer, Back-end Developer

Seunghyeon  Yeom  : Web Designer, Front-end Developer

Siddhant Dimri  : Back-end Developer

## Programs and Softwares
Designing - Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, XD, After Effects.
Developing - Visual Studio Code, Git bash, Github, Heroku.

## Weekly Plans
- Week 2 (Jan 17 - 23)
: Deciding and dividing the roles; Designer & Developer, Planning the schedule, Discussing about NGO we are going to work on.

- Week 3 (Jan 24 - 30)
: Topic researching, Sketching ideas & Mindmapping, Starting designing works (Logo sketch&design, Web design sketch&design), Creating a style guide.

- Week 4 (Jan 31 - Feb 6)
: Finising the website design&Logo design, Starting developing (Skeletal developing with HTML, CSS and JS), Planning marketing, Creating a storyline for an advertisements.

- The first checkpoint on Feb 4th.

- Week 5 (Feb 7 - 13)
: Finishing a style guide, Modifying the web design, Changing/adding some codes, Modifying a storyline of the video, Gathering footage for the video, Creating video.

- Week 6 (Feb 14 - 20)
: Changing/adding some codes, Discussing about the contest/events, Discussing and creating social media ads and social media ads mockups, Creating video.

- Week 7 (Feb 21 - 27)
: Changing/adding some codes (Focusing on JS parts), Discussing and Creating contest/events mockups, Creating social media ads and social media ads mockups, Finishing the website content, Updating style guide.

- Week 8 (Feb 28 - Mar 6)
: Going over the entire project, Finishing the video.

- The second checkpoint on Mar 4th.

- Week 9, Week 10, Week 11 (Mar 7 - Mar 27)
: Going over the codes, Changing some codes (Focusing on CSS and JS), Modifying/finshing the social media ads, Modifying/finshing the video ads, Modifying/finshing the website content, Updating style guide.

- The last checkpoint on Apr 1st.

## MIT License
Copyright ©2022, Seunghyeon Yeom, Irene Mary Vinu, Siddhant Dimri

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.